Job Title: Software Engineer

Location: San Francisco Bay Area or Remote

Company: forml


About Us:

forml (for machine learning) is a fast-paced early-stage startup redefining the way businesses integrate and utilize AI/ML. Backed by some of the most prestigious names in Venture Capital, we are poised for rapid growth and looking for passionate individuals to join as foundational members.


Job Description:

We’re based out of San Mateo, and are seeking a full-time Software Engineer. If you thrive in an energetic environment and are eager to be part of a disruptive venture, we want to hear from you.


Responsibilities Include:

    Design and implement scalable back-end solutions utilizing technologies like Flask, Redis, and Celery.
    Implement best practices and elegant solutions for bringing data intensive web applications to enterprise speed and scale for many concurrent users.
    Ensure the reliability and performance of big data processing, and design efficient data storage and transit solutions, using databases such as Postgres.
    Implement and manage application infrastructure and deployment.
    Conduct thorough code reviews, provide constructive feedback, and mentor future junior team members to foster continuous improvement.
    Stay abreast of industry trends and emerging technologies, particularly in AI and machine learning, and propose innovative solutions to enhance our products.
    Proactively identify and address technical challenges, troubleshoot issues, and propose solutions to optimize performance and efficiency.



Requirements:

    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field (or equivalent experience).
    2+ years of proven experience as a Software Engineer or similar role, preferably in a startup or fast-paced environment.
    Proficiency in Python and PostgreSQL.
    Solid understanding of back-end frameworks like Flask, Redis, and Celery.
    Solid understanding of or experience with scaling out both cloud-hosted and on-prem industry applications.
    Solid experience with data engineering principles, such as distributed data engineering, scalable processing of large datasets, and experience with databases such as Postgres.
    Some experience with containerization frameworks like Docker, and deployment frameworks such as EC2/ECS. Basic understanding of CI/CD pipelines.
    Passion for learning and staying updated on the latest technologies and industry trends.
    Excellent problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and ability to thrive in a collaborative team environment.
    Strong communication skills and ability to effectively articulate technical concepts.



Preferred but not mandatory:

    Experience with IaC tools such as Terraform or Cloudformation.
    Passion/Knowledge of AI and machine learning concepts is a plus.
    Knowledge of frontend frameworks such as Angular, or experience with Typescript is a plus.


