job_title: Software Edingeering Specialist
company: xAI

About xAI
xAI's mission is to create AI systems that can accurately understand the universe and aid humanity in its pursuit of knowledge.
Our team is small, highly motivated, and focused on engineering excellence. This organization is for individuals who appreciate challenging themselves and thrive on curiosity.
We operate with a flat organizational structure. All employees are expected to be hands-on and to contribute directly to the company's mission. Leadership is given to those who show initiative and consistently deliver excellence. Work ethic and strong prioritization skills are important.
All engineers and researchers are expected to have strong communication skills. They should be able to concisely and accurately share knowledge with their teammates.
About the Role
As a Software Engineering Specialist on the Human Data team, you will be responsible for creating cutting-edge data to facilitate the training of large language models. Collaborating closely with technical staff, you will contribute to datasets for model training, benchmarking, and overall advancement.
The Software Engineering Specialist - Human Data role is a full-time remote position. Part-time may be offered on a case-by-case basis but full-time is strongly preferred (please see the bottom of this job description for more details).
Responsibilities
    AI model training initiatives by curating code examples, offering precise solutions, and meticulous corrections in Python, JavaScript (including ReactJS), C/C++, and Java.
    Evaluate and refine AI-generated code, ensuring it adheres to industry standards for efficiency, scalability, and reliability.
    Collaborate with cross-functional teams to enhance AI-driven coding solutions, ensuring they meet enterprise-level quality and performance benchmarks.
Key Qualifications
    Advanced proficiency in English, both verbal and written.
    Strong experience in either Python or JavaScript, with a solid foundation in software development practices. Please note that for those with experience in only JavaScript, experience with ReactJS is preferred but not required. Knowledge of other languages is a strong plus.Strong grasp of computer science fundamentals like data structures, algorithms, and debugging skills.
    A minimum of 2 years of hands-on industry experience with a proven track record in software development and/or public proof of work (such as on GitHub).
    Extensive experience with a wide array of tools and systems such as Databases, SQL, Kubernetes, Spark, Kafka, gRPC, and AWS.
Preferred Qualifications
    The ideal candidate for this role is adaptable, possesses strong logical reasoning skills, is detail-oriented, and thrives in a fast-paced work environment.
    Evidence of meaningful contributions to open source projects or high reputation on platforms like Stack Overflow or evidence of strong performance in programming competitions.
    Enthusiasm to collaboratively build the best truth-seeking AI out there!
Additional Requirements
    Demonstrates a strong capacity to quickly adapt by learning new skills and unlearning outdated ones, thriving in dynamic and changing environments.
    For those who will be working from a personal device, please note your computer must be capable of running Windows 10 or macOS BigSur 11.0 or later.
